before we begin let me start by saying
it's easy to be an immaculate do-gooder
until you meet a billionaire
can you hear my eyes rolling the Stars
if I move it today ah Don Johnson's
daughter and her fashion sense in this
movie proves it
the Metro need not have a fashion Police
Department and Tippi Hedren s
granddaughter who is actually the same
person as Don Johnson's daughter
I was just amazed to find all this out
not that lie Sharon blue
our story begins with some sexy dirty
billionaire oh yeah you heard me
not a millionaire billionaire because
millionaire's ain't sexy enough running
around some dirty city then over to this
innocent little immaculate young lady
with bad bangs in a thrift store
wardrobe who for some reasons not
understood by me is going to interview
the aforementioned 60 dirty billionaire
in her best granny Clampett getup
imagine her undies move me and I tell me
to say where she take our fashion tips
she's led into sexy dirty billionaires
office by six a dirty blonde and grace
and notice I spell it GRA why because
this story set in the United States
doofus klutz vulgar huzzahs seats oh not
yet
okay well sex it dirty billionaire to
the rescue and she introduced herself
Anastasia Steele oh I get it
steel as in steel gray a shade of grey
where's the other 49 in his eyes on his
ties in that thing he flies for real
this damn movie got great everywhere
because they beaten a metaphor a death
speaking of beaten let's get to the
round later he goes to meet her at the
hardware store which according to
Blanche Devereaux is alive with sexual
energy tools plugs
sockets new furniture dirty stuff like
that but this place also got cable ties
and tape and rope and clamps petites and
battery-operated devices which may be
useful in that nether regions this mover
is disgusting and gross Oh coffee I get
it because it's hot and a muffin see
this alko for this creep others say I
would like to do something hot - yo
muffins
then when they get ready to pop ways you
just look at her like
love your muffin I mean you you love you
muffin Miss innocent go drinkin 60 great
billionaire daddy won't to be to the
rescue and his baby spits up takes a
little nappy and wakes up in billionaire
crib with a note beside the bed that say
eat me then he orders us some food a la
Edward Lewis from pretty woman and then
orders us some clothes because her de
got spit up a poem then he scolds her
for drinking too much and tell her he
wish he can spank that little granny
penny penny he don't do romance
but the billionaire do fly in his own
helicopter which he himself pilots over
the great city of Seattle because you
know this Twilight until they get to his
fancy digs and are we gonna get to the
robbed soon or not well not before she
signs some legal agreement without
reading it and not only do he not do
romance he also do not do make love he
just boom boom stuff to taco dinky dip
so it takes the Grenaa gob clad clean
and pure to his playroom then she liked
why he was like this and he like I think
sometime in the future of the bad writer
this silly story is gonna say it got
something to do with my mama because
everything wrong what a person is always
to be blamed on the mama what no no I
don't think that I'm just quoting to
move it like hell I am
and then he's like what do you like when
you do the hanky-panky and her naive
looks like well I put my right leg in a
public right leg out do the hanky-panky
and shake it all about that's what it's
all about
and he's like you ain't never had your
muffin bottom and she's like no it's
drying tasteless and he's like well you
have slid a bishop and she's like no
never even seen a meatball and then this
movie teases us by making us think we're
gonna get to see some titties and we do
well I do you don't because there's
YouTube dummy but it ain't that great
and to put this delicately and not upset
your innocence he puts a popsicle stick
in her puddin pop oh the 60 dirty
billionaire also plays the piano Edward
Lewis called to say he well his
character back and then more pants off
dance off there's some bath time bumpkin
excuse me everyone loses now making an
urgent conference call with Vivian on
the other line oh and speaking of
Muslim it goes mental he's mine okay now
she gonna understand opponent didn't
been where the Virgin is like if I let
you tap my tushy can we still go out for
Dindin he's like I don't do Jin did but
he does do do and to do but miss steale
has limits to for example she will not 1
allow mr. gray to fold his fingers
tightly into the center of the palm and
then to cleft the thumb over the middle
phalanges to allow mr. gray to use the
clamps he purchased at the Dirty Sexy
hardware store on or around her holiest
of holies or 3 for that matter use any
of them goodies he bought while he was
creepin on her at her job and despite
all of her limits mr. gray decides once
a week he might like a little Dindin
after all oh this is so romantic then as
an abuser would he showers her with
gifts including a car for her graduation
at which point she rolls her eyes then
he gets up for 2 D Pat's which I can't
show you because this is a good
Christian channel then later he takes
her into the playroom where afraid of
Hell really bad and smack her on the
hand and a bunch of stuff I can't show
you because this is a good fabulous
Hannibal miss she goes to meet the
parents and they have a little Dindin
where he is shocked to learn the woman
he thought he controlled is leaving and
then she gets faints for trying to be a
grown damn woman and make our own
decisions and I'm just looking at this
movie like this then anti-hero monologue
my real mama was a crack addict blabbity
blah blah this she up and died like mr.
Bojangles dog blah blah blabbity blah
and even though you were sleeping ain't
listening I'm just gonna keep making
excuses to try to explain there's people
watching this why I'm approximately 1
and 3/4 fries short of a happy meal then
she goes to Georgia mr. gray stocks are
there too and he tells that he had
Dindin with the woman that made him get
freaky then they fly around the Peach
State but he leaves and I don't fully
understand the point of that either
so she chokes her own peach back to
Seattle where he pets the pooch petals
of peach and puts his wand in her
Chamber of Secrets Don look at your
daughter you must be so proud
so mr. grey tells her he is fifty Shades
of [ __ ] up quote unquote
oh damn that's bad there's a bear right
nut down oh my god is a real quote
miss steeles like all hail let's cut
this baloney and cheese and let me see
the whole enchilada and much to my
relief and to the disdain of many sickos
miss Steele is like hoo boy you off go
and she gets in the elevator and he just
run after as if to say but I loved your
muffin and she just let the damn don't
closes it to say die and die and wait
does she get to keep the car be sure to
LIKE share and subscribe for your
regular fix of myth you can expect me to
upload more videos on hashtag myth
Fridays and you can think these lovely
patrons who contribute every month to
help me keep this map together and be
sure to tell the world you won't settle
for some wack millionaire hop on over to
my teespring shop and get you one of
these single taken waiting for my sexy
billionaire t-shirts we got lots of meth
and muffin good is there too for movies
explain for I'm Jeb
Spanky dies hopefully someday this
channel will make me a billionaire since
this writer treats us millionaires like
we just broke probes